refactor: fix middleware URL generation (#6688)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/getting-started/configuration.md

You can learn more about this file and available configuration options on the [Nuxt configuration file](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/directory-structure/nuxt-config/) page.

> The only thing  you have to configure when setting up a new project is the `middlewareUrl` and `ssrMiddlewareUrl` properties which defines the URLs to the Server Middleware. Usually, it's your application domain followed by the `/api` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only things you have to configure when setting up a new project are `middlewareUrl` and `ssrMiddlewareUrl` properties, which define the URLs to the Server Middleware. Usually, it's your application domain followed by the `/api` path.
```
